# Neckwear-Beyond-Compare
Neck-hugging collars and bibs are enjoying their time under the sun and so are sleek single-or two-line necklaces that are transformable to add functionality to these highly creative pieces. Perfect for a maximalist, the diamond and gem-laden neckwear from high-end global jewellery brands promise to make you feel like a modern-day princess.  Neck-hugging collars and bibs are enjoying their time under the sun and so are sleek single-or two-line necklaces that are transformable to add functionality to these highly creative pieces. Perfect for a maximalist, the diamond and gem-laden neckwear from high-end global jewellery brands promise to make you feel like a modern-day princess.  The Ara Pacis necklace with double cross leaves lined in silver, is embellished with 436 rose-cut diamonds and 54 pearls, encased in yellow gold. By BUCCELLATI  The Blazing Night 18-karat white gold necklace is set with a pear-shaped Mozambican ruby of approximately 4.03 carats, 11 pear-shaped rubies from Mozambique and Thailand weighing 7.07 carats), baguette-cut and brilliant-cut diamonds. By PIAGET  The Sapphire Masterpiece necklace wrought in 18-karat white gold is set with 41.05 carats of round white diamonds and 72.67 carats of oval sapphires. By PICCHIOTTI  The New Maharani white gold necklace is designed with diamonds and rock crystal. By BOUCHERON  The Bubble tiara-cum-necklace features 35 South Sea cultured pearls and 5.44 carats of old-mine cut diamonds. The pearl and diamond bubble element simply lifts off the tiara to attach to a half-strand of matching South Sea pearls. By SEAN GILSON FOR ASSAEL  The Gemfields transformable necklace, earrings and ring crafted in 18-karat white gold is set with oval, round and pear-shaped rubies, pink sapphires and round brilliant-cut diamonds. By FABERGE X JAMES GANH To know more: https://gjepc.org/solitaire/neckwear-beyond-compare/
